because
not post damn it's good for you Mario
yeah but how come everything I don't
like is good for me and everything I do
it's just like speaking of the ocean
where is he he never misses lunch
neither do you
unless you're in trouble grand-opening
scoopa Koopas fast food free samples
wowser yeah but I think I know where
we'll find post
oh okay I'm ready to order for coconut
shake borders papaya fried egg egg
scoopa Koopas ate egg scoopa Koopas
Kirkham good runny eggs Dino brain with
those fries
I know it a shakedown
I met boosters
yeah compliments add a chef hmm it's a
good thing you like eggs Mario so you
want to try some princess
why